Context Token and Workspace Context update (#5647)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: new-backoffice/extending/extension-types/workspace-context.md

The API will be initiated with the same host as the default Workspace Context.

```typescript
{
    type: 'workspaceContext',
    alias: 'My.WorkspaceContext.Counter',
    name: 'My Counter Context',
    api: 'my-workspace-counter.context.js',
    conditions: [
        {
            alias: 'Umb.Condition.WorkspaceAlias',
            match: 'Umb.Workspace.Document',
        }
    ]
}
```

The code of such an API file could look like this:

```typescript
import {
    UmbBaseController,
    UmbControllerHost,
} from "@umbraco-cms/backoffice/controller-api";
import { UmbContextToken } from "@umbraco-cms/backoffice/context-api";
import { UmbNumberState } from "@umbraco-cms/backoffice/observable-api";

export class MyContextApi extends UmbBaseController {
    #counter = new UmbNumberState(0);
    readonly counter = this.#counter.asObservable();

    constructor(host: UmbControllerHost) {
        super(host);
        this.provideContext(UMB_APP_CONTEXT, this);
    }

    increment() {
        this.#counter.next(this.#counter.value + 1);
    }
}

export const api = MyContextCounterApi;
```

> Note that Context APIs have to be self-providing. To do so it has to be an Umbraco Controller.

Reviewer: Instead of "note that" which as per our styleguide should not be used: 
```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
 Context APIs have to be self-providing. To do so it has to be an Umbraco Controller.
{% endhint %}
```

A Context Token for a Workspace Context Extension should look like this:

```typescript
export const UMB_APP_CONTEXT = new UmbContextToken<MyContextCounterApi>(
    "UmbWorkspaceContext",
    "My.WorkspaceContext.Counter"
);
```

> We recommend using `UmbWorkspaceContext` as the Context Alias for your Context Token, this will ensure that the requester only retrieves this Context if it's present at their nearest Workspace Context.

Reviewer: to keep the sentences shorter than 25 words as per our styleguide:
```suggestion
We recommend using `UmbWorkspaceContext` as the Context Alias for your Context Token. This will ensure that the requester only retrieves this Context if it's present at their nearest Workspace Context.
```
